Detailed updates to the KiloClaw docs (#6366)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: packages/kilo-docs/pages/automate/kiloclaw/overview.md

{% image src="/docs/img/kiloclaw/create-instance.png" alt="Create instance modal with model selection" width="600" caption="Model selection during instance creation" /%}

5. Optionally configure chat channels (Telegram, Discord, Slack) — you can also do this later from [Settings](/docs/automate/kiloclaw/dashboard#settings)
6. Click **Create & Provision**

> Your instance will be provisioned in seconds. Each instance runs on a dedicated machine with 2 shared vCPUs, 4 GB RAM, and a 20 GB persistent SSD. Once created in a region, your instance always runs there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your instance will be provisioned in seconds. Each instance runs on a dedicated machine with 2 shared vCPUs, 3 GB RAM, and a 10 GB persistent SSD. Once created in a region, your instance always runs there.
```

## Managing Your Instance

The KiloClaw dashboard gives you full control over your instance.

{% image src="/docs/img/kiloclaw/instance-dashboard.png" alt="Instance dashboard with controls and status" width="800" caption="Instance management dashboard" /%}

### Controls

- **Start Machine** — Boot a stopped instance (up to 60 seconds)
- **Restart OpenClaw** — Quick restart of just the OpenClaw process; the machine stays up

> - **Redeploy** — Update and restart the whole machine; all your files and data are preserved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Redeploy** — This will stop the machine, apply any pending image or config updates, and restart it. The machine will be briefly offline.
```
